AP-166: document the use of drawio to edit diagrams and create SVG files (#189)
govuk-one-login/authentication-tech-docs: README.md

If you move pages around and URLs change, make sure you set up redirects from the old URLs to the new URLs.

## Making changes to a diagram
To make changes to a diagram, you'll need to edit the `drawio` files in `source/images/originals` using the draw.io desktop app.

Use one drawio file per diagram.

### Install draw.io desktop app
1. Install the draw.io desktop app using Homebrew with the following command: 
```
brew cask install drawio
```

> 2. Alias the binary so that you can just type `draw.io` at the command line. Use the following command to do this:

Reviewer: is there a plainer English way of saying this? Maybe 'Use the following command so you can use draw.io at the command line (this will alias the binary): '

Reviewer: also would remove the word 'just' as it's not needed

> If you move pages around and URLs change, make sure you set up redirects from the old URLs to the new URLs.

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering about the phrase "move pages around" here. It's nice and colloquial, but I wonder if it's a little too much that way? Maybe something like "If you change the location of pages, and their URLs change.." or something?

Reviewer 3: @charleemg we should scope reviews to proposed changes within the PR,
if you're spotting things that are outside of the green bands in github, those are best addressed as issues, or backlog tickets.

But we should be careful not to review things here that are outside of the changes proposed by @pauldougan

Reviewer 3: again, going to resolve this, feel free to reach out on slack if you have concerns about these comments?

## Making changes to a diagram
Edit the draw.io files in `source/images/originals` folder by installing and using the draw.io desktop app.

> Use one drawio file per diagram.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Use one draw.io file per diagram.
```

### Installing the draw.io desktop app
Run the following commands to use the draw.io desktop app from the command line.

```
brew install --cask drawio
alias draw.io='/Applications/draw.io.app/Contents/MacOS/draw.io'
```

### Editing and publishing a diagram
Follow these steps:
1. Create and modify a diagram using [draw.io](https://about.draw.io/).
2. Save the draw.io file to the `source/images/originals` folder.
3. Publish the diagram as a [scalable vector graphic (SVG)](https://www.w3.org/Graphics/SVG/).
4. Save the SVG file to the `source/images` folder.
 
### Useful commands
Update a diagram:
```
draw.io source/images/originals/top-level-technical-diagram.drawio
```
Generate SVG versions of the diagrams and save them to the `source/images/originals` folder:
```
draw.io -x -o source/images/top-level-technical-diagram.svg source/images/originals/top-level-technical-diagram.drawio

draw.io -x -o source/images/technical-flow-diagram.svg source/images/originals/technical-flow-diagram.drawio
```

> ## Linting the GOV.UK One Login Technical Documentation

Reviewer 2: Is "Technical Documentation" capitalised for a reason?

Reviewer 3: @charleemg that's not a change that is a part of this pull request,
I think we should deal with that as part of a wider content review of the app.

That's not a line that @pauldougan has proposed a change for here.

Reviewer 3: Going to mark this resolved, as it's out of scope for this PR,
though FYI @PippaClarkGDS we may have a wider content sweep a tech writer may be interested in if we've got work already in `main` we want to tidy up?

If you move pages around and URLs change, make sure you set up redirects from the old URLs to the new URLs.

## Making changes to a diagram

> Edit the `drawio` files in `source/images/originals` using the draw.io desktop app.

Reviewer 4: In the steps for editing a diagram the files are called draw.io so it would be good to be consistent.

> Edit the `drawio` files in `source/images/originals` using the draw.io desktop app.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Edit the `drawio` files in `source/images/originals` folder by installing and using the draw.io desktop app.
```

Use one drawio file per diagram.

> ### Install draw.io desktop app

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Installing the draw.io desktop app
```
To make this consistent with other headings.

1. Use the following commands so that you can use draw.io at the command line (this will alias the binary): 
```
brew cask install drawio
```

```
alias=draw.io='/Applications/draw.io.app/Contents/MacOS/draw.io'
```
### Edit and publish the diagram
Follow these steps:
1. Create and modify the diagram using [draw.io](https://about.draw.io/).

> 2. Store the draw.io original file in `source/images/originals`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
2. Save the draw.io file to the `source/images/originals` folder.
```

3. Publish the diagram as a [scalable vector graphic (SVG)](https://www.w3.org/Graphics/SVG/).

> 4. Store the SVG in the `source/images` folder.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
4. Save the SVG file to the `source/images` folder.
```

 
### Useful commands
Update a diagram:
```
draw.io source/images/originals/top-level-technical-diagram.drawio
```

> Generate SVG versions of the diagrams:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Generate SVG versions of the diagrams and save them to the `source/images/originals` folder:
```
